Drenched Earth

I dedicate this literature is dedicated to you, the reader.

Chapter 0: Foreward

The purpose of this literature is to serve as a repository of my beliefs. I find myself often discussing philosiphy among friends, 
my professors, and family (If your reading this and that is you, hi!). I find, almost always, that time alotted is very rarely 
sufficient to truly expand on and dissect an argument. Rather, I can always direct people here to get a better, in depth 
understanding of what I believe. 

If you dont know me and you come across this, howdy! I hope you gain something from my literature. Maybe you will like something I say, 
maybe you will agree with some of it, but I profoundly hope that you deeply hate at least one thing that I say. I hope that you disagree 
so profoundly that you come tell me to my face. I hope that I disagree with what you have to say as well. I hope that we can sit down, 
talk about it, and by the time we get up, a mind has been changed. It doesn't have to be your mind that is changed. You can give me the 
gift of changing my mind. I hope that every conversation that is had as a result of my writing has at least one person walking away with 
a thought that they can put in a pipe and smoke.

Disagreement is condusive to discorse, which is condusive to vitality of a society.

Why is it called "Drenched Earth"? It is to serve as an Antithesis to policies and beliefs of the variety of "Scorched Earth" 
held by many despot leaders throughout history. A drenched earth is not very accomodating to being scorched, now is it? 
It is very hard to burn something thats all wet. 

***

A little background on me: I am a devout (Mostly Irish, Scottish, part Czech-Ukranian) Catholic. 
I was born, grew up, and live in Delaware County, Pennsylvania,
a suburb of Philadelphia bordering New Jersey and Delaware.

I will use many quotes throughout this piece. Some of them will be from science fiction, some non-fiction. 

***

Some quotes will even be from the Bible. But never, EVER will it serve to enrich myself. 
You will find that I have distaste for those who use the words of Christ to serve themselves. 
Christ lived to serve others, as edvidenced by what he didn't do. 
He never healed those who suffered and then said "Ok you serve me now." 
Everybody who followed him was a willing participant in his movement. 
You may notice a pattern here. 
I will only speak about religion in the form of via negatva, or "negative way", or the study of what is not.
This is the only way Religious philosiphy ought to be discussed. 
This type of discourse cannot be used for agendas. It pokes holes in falsehoods. 
Under this approach one cannot have an unfair advantage in discourse. 
Some portray Jesus as having a white-Germanic appearance with blonde hair and blue eyes. 
He was not. He was Jewish and from Galilee. Go and Google what the people from Galilee look like. 
People who say that Jesus is white do so because they are decievers by definition. 
They paint an white Jesus because they are worshipping themselves. It is offensive purely by virtue of being untrue.

***

Every addition to this work serves to improve upon the last. Let not revisions allow me to say otherwise.