Chapter 4: Power

In regards to power, and its application, this chapter addresses philosophical(political, religous, and ideological), economic, and legal power.

What do I mean when I discuss power? To have power in this context is to have control or authority over resources, labor, or information. It is not difficult to see why this is a concept that wicked people find alluring. Throughout history people have fought greedily, hand over fist for power. 

MacIntyre asserts that classical virtue died during the enlightenment. He is right but he is also wrong. The enlightenment was but one event that exemplified a loss of virtue but not the universal exodus of it. He is right in saying that virtue was lost, but not all at once. Virtue exists in the hearts of all of those who decide to do right by others and not themselves. This is because there have been wicked people before the enlightenment and there have been virtuous people after. Greed begets all sin. Greed for power begets dishonesty, dishonesty breeds hate, and hate transforms dubious leaders into wicked leaders. 

Jesus, whose his kingdom and therefore power are not of this world, can most closely be associated with ideological power in this instance. This is because his teaching is that the weak will be made strong, and the strong will be made weak. This teaching has endured for a very long time and much hardship. This is because all power answers to God. When Jesus was cruicified they were not crucifying him out of grievience but out of fear of losing their power. I would not be wrong to say that this was the start of the fall of the Roman Empire. No instituation can long endure with leaders are obdurate in a course of thought that its lowliest constituents might in any way cease to be on the bottom. All forms of power answer to Christ almighty.

To follow Christs example is to be a good leader. While power does corrupt, what matters in God's eyes is intention. It matters not how history remembers us if the LORD is pleased with our actions. Christ is an exemplar of good leadership because of what he did. He did what he did for no other reason than to lead those involved towards the best possible circumstances he could in his position. To leave a place, person, or thing better than it was when you found it is to be a good steward. A good steward has no jealousy. This Steward rejoices when someone else does something else before or better than them. If power is soley a means to this end, then the leader is just.