Chapter 1 - Violence

I ask that if you are to read this chapter, you read it to the end. This chapter should never be taken out of context.

This chapter discusses violence and its application. This applies to military conflict as well as societal conflict.

Violence is always an option. It should never be the first, second, or third option, but an option. 
It should be the very last option when all other options have been exausted. 
Violence should only ever used if it is a means to mitigate further violence. 
Retaliatory violence is irredeemable. Retaliatory violence referrse to "Revenge" or "payback" violence after a conflict is ended. 
This creates a cycle.
In no situation should a self-labelling "good person" desire to be the agitator. Violence is necessary if and only if it 
stops or removes the agitator from the position of violence.

The use of violence should always be measured, thought out, and precise. 
Exactly enough violence to disarm an agitator is what is necessary. No more, no less. 

***

Actions of the victor after a conflict is what determines what follows the conflict. It is the duty of the victor to create cultivate
conditions condusive to peace.

There is no better example than how the treaty of Versailles gave Adolf Hitler an opening to obtain a large amount of power. There is 
no bigger monster in history. This is not a defense of Hitler or Germany. Hitler was handed the opportunity to do what he did
on a silver platter by the allies.

The people in the trenches before the end of WWI were fighting because they had to, not out of some radical sense of nationalism.
Look at the Christmas Truce of 1914. The armies were fighting because they had to. They only stopped because their governments said to 
knock it off. They didn't have hate for each other. 

Lets look at the treaty of Versailles in regards to Germany:
-Germany gave back the land it took (article 27) and their colonies (article 22). This is fair.
-Disarm. Fair, but that didn't last (article 168).
-Pay up 60 billion dollars in that day along with losing 13% of its land (article 231). This is how Hitler tose to power.

Hitler was only able to rise to power because of the financial conditions that Germany was dealt as a result of Article 231 of the treaty
of Versailles. That is not to say that Germany should not have paid reparations for the war, but this was more punitive of the citezens
than it was of the German government. Happy people have no need for things like Ultra-Nationalism, racism, hatred. Under those conditions
a population is more susceptible to propoganda. Always be wary of those who offer a way out of your suffering. Special attention must be 
paid to what the cost is. The devil is in the details. 
It would have been better for everybody if Germany just got dissolved into the surrounding territories.